Add overmapgen coverage test, and fix related issues (#53117)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/JSON_FLAGS.md

- ```KNOWN_UP``` There's a known way up.
- ```LINEAR``` For roads etc, which use ID_straight, ID_curved, ID_tee, ID_four_way.
- ```NO_ROTATE``` The terrain can't be rotated (ID_north, ID_east, ID_south, and ID_west instances will NOT be generated, just ID).
- ```SHOULD_NOT_SPAWN``` The terrain should not be expected to spawn.  This
  might be because it exists only for testing purposes, or it is part of a

>   partially completed feature wher emore work is required before it can start spawning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  partially completed feature where more work is required before it can start spawning.
```
